What does Feng Hecai mean?
You said Secretary Yang was dead
That's right, he's dead.
I'm not afraid to tell you
I faked all the evidence
Revitalize Jianghe Chamber of Commerce
Is it my wish?
What should I do? Don't be afraid of Xiaoxue.
What's your relationship with Jianghe Sing?
Are you the undercover agent that Jianghe sang?
What is undercover?
It's so ugly
If I say there is no Huaxing Chamber of Commerce
Without your dad
Our whole family won't die
Do you believe it?
I don't understand
You tell him
We, Mr. Feng, are the young master of Jianghe Chamber of Commerce
Jianghe Chamber of Commerce and Huaqing Chamber of Commerce failed in the business war
We, Mr. Feng's family, are facing huge debts
So I took it
Kid surnamed Wan
Now you understand
I have been lurking in the Huaxing Chamber of Commerce for so many years
Just for today.
Just for now.
I want to take back what I lost
I want to revive the Jianghe Chamber of Commerce